Support Tabstrip  `activeTabIndex` to be null (#1677)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/brown-sloths-change.md

---
"@salt-ds/lab": minor
---

> Fix Tabstrip crashes when setting `activeTabIndex` to null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix Tabstrip crashing when `activeTabIndex` is set to null
```
